yit their internet people it's Bo again
I normally don't record when the weather
is like this it gets noisy at times we
got a storm coming in but it seems
fitting today just go ahead and do it
because there is a storm coming right
now
in both places in both places in the US
and over there the government's are
doing the same thing they're pumping
their people up getting them ready for
what seems to be inevitable and both
sides are being treated to the same type
of thing from their media from their
politicians it's happening because as
I've said before we're a lot alike we
speak the same language most of the time
and that's a big source of a lot of our
problems now I want to address a
question that I got about that last
video before we get into it somebody
said it sounded like I admired general
Soleimani
no no I respect him I respect him see
he's a tool he was a tool and I don't
mean that as an insult he was a tool of
Iranian foreign policy he was an
implement his role was to be dangerous
that was his job he was a dangerous tool
and like any dangerous tool be it a
chainsaw or anything else you'd better
respect it because if you don't you're
gonna get bet us not respecting the
amount of influence that this man had is
gonna bite us yeah yeah I I do I respect
him I don't agree with him we're not on
the same team most of the time but you
can't underestimate your opposition that
is a fatal error it's always a fatal
error and it's something that we've done
so both sides right now getting the same
kind of stuff we got to get ready for it
it's going to happen the storm is coming
both sides are being fed that same
propaganda it's time for war there's no
other choice there's no other option
there is there is and see what has
happened is that this administration in
the United States has escalated at every
provocation and the Iranian government
has escalated at every provocation and
here we are and it's infuriating to me
because as mentioned in the video about
the embassy
they did what they were supposed to do
those security details they did what
they were supposed to do they kept their
cool they kept their calm they denied
their opposition those headlines and
that propaganda they need to feed the
people at home they denied them that
because they did what they were supposed
to do
they stayed cool they stayed
less-than-lethal and then along comes
the administration and snatches defeat
from the jaws of a victory we won that
engagement and because of trumps need to
feel like a tough guy we lost it after
the fact because they got their
headlines even even more so it wasn't US
Marines opened fire on civilians
we assassinated a national icon they got
their propaganda they got what they
needed to energize their side and over
here yeah people are cheering it on
people who have no idea who he was just
going off of what they heard well he
killed thousands yeah you realize that a
whole lot of those were actually the
same people we were fighting didn't know
that though did you
we speak the same language we're gonna
behave in the same manner so understand
that as American politicians cheer for
blood that they're not going to have to
spill and they're not going to have to
shed the same things happening over
there while we're arguing over who's
gonna win and we say we we're gonna win
and most of the people saying that
aren't going it's a popular thing right
now well if I don't you moved Iran if
you don't support the war no yeah you
support the war you moved Iran for a
year at a time
I got a recruiters number for you you go
fight it now you don't want to do that
you want to send some 19 year old kid
that doesn't know any better send him
off so you can claim the glory and wave
the flag and put a yellow ribbon on your
sticker and act like you're part of the
team war isn't a spectator sport
gentlemen you want to do it go do it
but one thing that I really hope people
can take away from this from this whole
incident is that both governments are
behaving the same way and I don't mean
that in some moral equivalency I mean it
in a wider sense they're both doing what
they can to energize their people they
need us we don't need them anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night